.TH "launch-ucaresystem" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
PACKAGE \(em program to do something 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBPACKAGE\fR {this  | that }  [\-flags ]  [\-o \fIoption\fR ]  [argument]  [\fImore\fR \&...]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
Long drawn-out discussion of \fBPACKAGE\fR. 
It's a good idea to break this up into subsections, like these: 
.SS "A Sample Subsection" 
.PP 
.SS "Yet Another Sample Subsection" 
.PP 
References to the 
\fBfoo\fP\fB(SECTION)\fP (or other) manual page should use the 
\f(CW<citerefentry>\fP element as here. 
 
.PP 
Each paragraph within a section is contained within a 
\f(CW<para>\fP tag. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
Some people make this separate from the description. 
.IP "\fBthis\fP|\fBthat\fP" 10 
The user MUST specify either \fBthis\fP or 
\fBthat\fP to run the program. The { and } braces 
mean one of the enclosed is required. The bar (|) separates 
exclusive options (i.e. you cannot have both at once.) 
.IP "\fB-o\fP" 10 
Pass the user-supplied \fIoption\fR to 
\fBfoo\fR to change its behaviour. The fact that 
\fIoption\fR is underlined or in italics 
means that the user replaces it with a valid value for this 
option. The [ and ] brackets mean it isn't required. 
.IP "\fBargument\fP" 10 
The last \fBargument\fP is required, because it 
is not in brackets. 
.IP "\fBmore\fP" 10 
means that the user can optionally specify additional 
arguments at the end. The ellipses (...) indicate one or more of 
this parameter is allowed. 
.SH "RETURN VALUE" 
.PP 
What the program or function returns if successful. 
.SH "ERRORS" 
.PP 
Return codes, either exit status or errno settings. 
.SH "EXAMPLES" 
.PP 
Give some example uses of the program. 
.SH "ENVIRONMENT" 
.PP 
Environment variables this program might care about. 
.SH "FILES" 
.PP 
All files used by the program. Typical usage is like this: 
.IP "\fB/usr/man\fP" 10 
default man tree 
.IP "\fB/usr/man/man*/*.*\fP" 10 
unformatted (nroff source) man pages 
.SH "NOTES" 
.PP 
Miscellaneous commentary. 
.SH "CAVEATS" 
.PP 
Things to take special care with, sometimes called WARNINGS. 
.SH "DIAGNOSTICS" 
.PP 
All the possible error messages the program can print out, what 
they mean, and how to correct them if applicable. 
.SH "BUGS" 
.PP 
Things that are broken or just don't work quite right. 
.SH "RESTRICTIONS" 
.PP 
Bugs you don't plan to fix. :\-) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Who wrote it (or AUTHORS if multiple). 
.SH "HISTORY" 
.PP 
Programs derived from other sources sometimes have this. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
Other man pages to check out, like man(1), man(7), mandb(8), 
catman(8). 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man 
