.TH "ucaresystem" "8" 
.SH "NAME" 
ucaresystem \(em All-in-one system update and maintenance tool 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBucaresystem\fR [options ]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
\fBucaresystem\fR. 
is All-in-one system update and maintenance tool. It is written as an augmented tool to the distro specifics tools, and it doesn't try to replace them. 
It will automate the following: 
.SS "Basic Maintenance Tasks" 
.PP 
Update the list of available packages. 
Download and install all the available updates. 
Removes obsolete packages 
Removes orphan packets. 
Deletes package configuration files from packages that have been uninstalled by you. 
Checks if there are older Linux kernels on the system and removes them. Check kernel removal for details. 
 
.PP 
This is the default task is no options is given. 
 
.SS "Distribution upgrade paths " 
.PP 
References to the 
\fBfoo\fP\fB(SECTION)\fP (or other) manual page should use the 
\f(CW<citerefentry>\fP element as here. 
 
.PP 
Each paragraph within a section is contained within a 
\f(CW<para>\fP tag. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
Some people make this separate from the description. 
.IP "\fBthis\fP|\fBthat\fP" 10 
The user MUST specify either \fBthis\fP or 
\fBthat\fP to run the program. The { and } braces 
mean one of the enclosed is required. The bar (|) separates 
exclusive options (i.e. you cannot have both at once.) 
.IP "\fB-o\fP" 10 
Pass the user-supplied \fIoption\fR to 
\fBfoo\fR to change its behaviour. The fact that 
\fIoption\fR is underlined or in italics 
means that the user replaces it with a valid value for this 
option. The [ and ] brackets mean it isn't required. 
.IP "\fBargument\fP" 10 
The last \fBargument\fP is required, because it 
is not in brackets. 
.IP "\fBmore\fP" 10 
means that the user can optionally specify additional 
arguments at the end. The ellipses (...) indicate one or more of 
this parameter is allowed. 
.SH "RETURN VALUE" 
.PP 
What the program or function returns if successful. 
.SH "ERRORS" 
.PP 
Return codes, either exit status or errno settings. 
.SH "EXAMPLES" 
.PP 
Give some example uses of the program. 
.SH "ENVIRONMENT" 
.PP 
Environment variables this program might care about. 
.SH "FILES" 
.PP 
All files used by the program. Typical usage is like this: 
.IP "\fB/usr/man\fP" 10 
default man tree 
.IP "\fB/usr/man/man*/*.*\fP" 10 
unformatted (nroff source) man pages 
.SH "NOTES" 
.PP 
Miscellaneous commentary. 
.SH "CAVEATS" 
.PP 
This tool may break your system. Use with caution. 
.SH "BUGS" 
.PP 
Please report bugs at: https://github.com/Utappia/uCareSystem 
.SH "RESTRICTIONS" 
.PP 
The tool is limited to debian derived distributions only. It is work well and tested on Ubuntu. 
Usage in other distributions may have bugs, or be less suported. 
 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Who wrote it (or AUTHORS if multiple). 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man 
